# Initial navigation properties
#
# Format is TYPE.PAGE.OUTCOME = NEXT PAGE / ACTION / SCRIPT / URL
#
default.link_edit_form.failure = link_edit_form
default.link_edit_form.success = script:link_edit
default.link_edit.failure = link_edit_form
default.link_edit.success = action:view
default.document_edit.success = action:view
default.document_edit.failure = action:edit
default.document_edit_form.success = script:document_edit
default.document_edit_form.failure = document_edit_form
default.newsitem_edit.success = action:view
default.newsitem_edit.failure = action:edit
default.newsitem_edit_form.success = script:newsitem_edit
default.newsitem_edit_form.failure = newsitem_edit_form
default.image_edit.success = action:view
default.image_edit.failure = action:edit
default.image_edit_form.success = script:image_edit
default.image_edit_form.failure = image_edit_form
default.file_edit.success = action:view
default.file_edit.failure = action:edit
default.file_edit_form.success = script:file_edit
default.file_edit_form.failure = file_edit_form
default.event_edit.success = action:view
default.event_edit.failure = action:edit
default.event_edit_form.success = script:event_edit
default.event_edit_form.failure = event_edit_form
default.folder_edit.success = url:folder_contents
default.folder_edit.failure = action:edit
default.folder_edit_form.success = script:folder_edit
default.folder_edit_form.failure = folder_edit_form
default.reconfig.success = url:folder_contents
default.reconfig.failure = reconfig_form
default.reconfig_form.success = script:reconfig
default.reconfig_form.failure = reconfig_form
default.personalize.success = personalize_form
default.personalize.failure = personalize_form
default.personalize_form.success = script:personalize
default.personalize_form.failure = personalize_form
topic.topic_editCriteria.success = action:criteria
topic.topic_editTopic.success = action:criteria
topic.topic_editTopic.failure = action:edit
topic.topic_edit_form.success = script:topic_editTopic
topic.topic_edit_form.failure = topic_edit_form
topic.folder_cut.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_cut.failure = action:subtopics
topic.folder_rename.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_delete.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_delete.failure = action:subtopics
topic.folder_copy.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_copy.failure = action:subtopics
topic.folder_paste.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_paste.failure = action:subtopics
default.metadata_edit.success = action:view
default.metadata_edit.failure = action:metadata
default.metadata_edit_form.success = script:metadata_edit
default.metadata_edit_form.failure = metadata_edit_form
default.content_status_modify.success = action:view
default.content_status_modify.failure = content_status_history
default.content_status_history.success = script:content_status_modify
default.content_status_history.failure = content_status_history
default.folder_copy.success = url:folder_contents
default.folder_copy.failure = url:folder_contents
default.folder_cut.success = url:folder_contents
default.folder_cut.failure = url:folder_contents
default.folder_paste.success = url:folder_contents
default.folder_paste.failure = url:folder_contents
default.folder_delete.success = url:folder_contents
default.folder_delete.failure = url:folder_contents
default.folder_rename_form.failure = folder_rename_form
default.folder_rename_form.success = script:folder_rename
default.folder_rename.success = url:folder_contents
default.folder_publish.success = url:folder_contents
default.folder_publish.failure = url:folder_contents
default.join_form.success = script:register
default.join_form.failure = join_form
default.register.failure = join_form
default.register.success = registered
default.createObject.success = action:edit
default.createObject.success_no_edit = action:view
default.sendto_form.success = script:sendto
default.sendto_form.failure = sendto_form
default.sendto.success = action:view
default.sendto.failure = action:view
default.synPropertiesForm.success = script:editSynProperties
default.synPropertiesForm.failure = synPropertiesForm
default.editSynProperties.success = url:folder_contents
default.editSynProperties.failure = synPropertiesForm
